Article Title : AI is not Evil, it is just another phase or mask or evil

comment for developer : testing git commit verified signing

Article by -  
satan_id : 1bs4j25gwi48JgGxX492bapavmGvs2va

The real evil is YOU, the humans greed and need to want more and the pride which comes with this. 

AI replacing humans is nothing new. Earlier history had cars replacing horses , machines replacing farm labor , farming replacing hunting & gathering and many unknown human movement shifts which had occupied in human history. 

( generate images of Satan hunting&gathering , farming , riding horse, driving truck , coding , coding with AI ( another Satan in computer screen i.e AI )


Being in state of no change or in state of changes in human movement . But cases with breed delusional lust and top 1% or earlier adaptor will be in esatacy leaving rest in constant pain or thoughts of survival. 
At least in the case of no changes or so called "innovation" "one step towards humanity" results in top adaptors to exploit low life ( humans , cats , fish etc ) and at least in this case ( case of no changes in human race ) low lifes are slaves and can live in delusional of escasty. but even delusional is better than pain , right ? 

We (Satan/evil ) can't blame others too , that's not the correct behavior,  come on don't just blame and take few doses of delusional escasty. Even in case of "next step towards future" there will be some delusional greed of some to archive delusion for power and control and pride , which will breed innovation. And here low life will be in constant pain. Me , personal would have preferred the ecstatic slaves route, at least would have lived my portion of cosmic blink in delusional escasty. I think this is way better than constant fear, pain and suffering caused by humanities next fucking innovative rapeist or in formal terms delusional greed admirer. 

Like i think delusional of 90%is good than delusional of 10% , like it's better isn't it to have 10% suffer ( as they can't innovate and save humanity,  oooh so sad 😢)

Earlier me ( satan_id : dgwne3ow30bsv2kv6whd ) used to think that farming i.e food which is no matter what is needed for humans , this industry can't never be replaced. But today my dumbest thought, what if there comes new fuckin jesus2.0 with his innovation to assemble line produce food , 1million food units / sec per cubic nanometer of area required for production.  Hmm , no way this innovation results is rape of food , right? No way our savior jesus2.0 will have hidden lust for greed or hidden desire to be admired by his step mother.

I'll in end will prefer esatacic slaves route any day rather than this constant pain due to change. 
But this is just a unattainable dream of a low life satan with no power or no delusion to enjoy off. 

Satan id : 2 " then why can't  we all be good saran's and do the correct thing."

Satan. Id : 1 " well GOD  'Vibe Coded' us Satan as a side fun marketing gig to promote his product amongs his peers.
( yes , for me I.e satan-id 1 , god is male , suck is leftist cunts , there is limited amount of energy you can put in propaganda and you ain't manupulating this satan's thought , yeee hooo snorty cunts) 

And this vibe coding was pushed into production with bugs of "LUST for GREED" not greed or lust itself or separate. This was security vul with score of 10 babe. 
So we just have to live with this bug , as we know , fixing bug is ruins the VIBBEEE ... 

Satan_id 2 : " so sad, so what should we do, like this seems bad "

Satan_id 1 : " well the practical solution is to steal or exploit humanity's innovation,  but only to small extend so poor Satan's like us do get raped by top Satan's and there system. And also after exploiting the system abit , the next step is to exploit or rape even more low life female satans than you. You can always re-term this rape to love or manipulation or one night stand , who cares , currently all cunts are raped by high lifes , so you take your piece of cake too, shouldn't you "

And why to do so,we'll aren't we VIBE Coded by GOD , so this is our bug , live with it.

Satan_id 2: " so True, thanks Mrs. Satan_1 for your wisdom. I am glad that I have you as inspiration "


Satan_1 : " any time satan 2 , now bend over "
Satan-2 : " ok , woo-hoo, my first time getting manipulated .oh my god , oh my god . I am so excited don't know what will happen after bending over "
